Add Regulation class and conformsTo relationship (#1015)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/Core/Classes/Regulation.md

SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0

# Regulation

## Summary

Regulation represents a rule or directive maintained by an authority.

## Description

> The Regulation class represents any rules or directives enforced by a central authority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Regulation class represents any rules or directives enforced by a competent authority. Regulations within this class can be either mandatory or voluntary.
```

> This can be regulations such as EU RED, EU CRA, or the U.S. Cyber Trust Mark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples of these regulations include the EU Radio Equipment Directive, the EU Cyber Resilience Act, the Japan Cyber STAR, or the U.S. Cyber Trust Mark.
```

Expand RED and CRA, and also add a non-Western example.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0

# Regulation

## Summary

Regulation represents a rule or directive maintained by an authority.

## Description

The Regulation class represents any rules or directives enforced by an official authority.
Regulations within this class can be either mandatory or voluntary.

Examples of these regulations include the EU Radio Equipment Directive, EU Cyber Resilience Act,
the Japan Cyber STAR, or the U.S. Cyber Trust Mark.

## Metadata

- name: Regulation
- SubclassOf: Element
- Instantiability: Concrete

## Properties

- mandatory

>   - Range: xsd:boolean

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - type: xsd:boolean
```

This should be "type".
See https://github.com/spdx/spdx-3-model/blob/develop/docs/format.md#classes
